refactor to eliminate python because python is a tumor and i think i can do it better in shell script anyhoof
refactor to use `mktemp` instead of ramdisk
make generic argon2id digest function
    output hex string
    use cracklib-check to ensure password strength
    do sanity checks
    take argon2id settings as args / maybe have pre-defined presets it just picks between via arg $1
add cracklib-check test to encryption function
    echo -n "$passphrase" | cracklib-check
        dat -n ver important to make sure echo does no trailing newline
        really best audit rest of script for any failure of usin it frong
        cracklib-check still returns retcode 0 when pass fails test, figure out how to handle this frong
            figure it'll just ask for password twice,
                pass through cracklib-check,
                parse the output to check for OK$
                if OK, proceed, else loop back to try again instead of failing
make generic aes encryption and decryption functions
    use openssl
    feed it raw key hex string
    feed it randomly generated iv hex string
    append the iv hex string I think
make hex data extracting and appending functions
    work just like retrieve_7z_salt and append_7z_salt ig
    chops off the hex string and passes them to the functions wiht xxd -p as needed
make and clean up iv/salt generation function
    length via $1
    iv, 7z salt, and aes salt all changed to globals
    output hex string
    ~openssl rand -hex $n
support asshole yum usin linuxfuckers
sanity checks
    sanity checks on closing ramdisk
    redundant tests of each step before proceeding?
nuke/nuke reboot ask for confirm?
run out from one single shell script
    curl download installer oneliner frong (for ez and in case dey want it in their PATH)
autoinstaller on missing environment shit
    setup environment re ramdisk and file init
documentation
    update packages list
    update usage
    tidy up and spell out proper usage
        key selection
        key storage
        key backups
        tell em about
            threat model
                forensics
                theif
                    high end
                    low end
                malware
                leaks
                    password leaks from third party platforms
                    key/passphrase/secrets leak from betterhiddencrypto
                social engineering
                    phishing
            Discuss disk encryption
                LUKS
                    use in data destruction
optional offline haveibeenpwned testing?
remove vestigial code and comments
make generic functions for iv/salt generation, as well as iv/salt appending and retrieving
    dis way dey can be resused yyayy
    try to handle dem only as hex strings because fuckin nullbytes jfc god damned fuck
maybe fuckin rename those dickfuck file/archive var names they confusing as shit
add ramdisk function
hammer offline card for leaked bytes
    also leaked partial bytes
    also do hexdump analysis of the file system to try and find any remnants of empty directories
        figure out some way to make them vanish (srm again?)
hammer linux for leaks
hammer WSL for leaks
hammer memory for leaks
hammer for directory information leaks
full on forensic analysis
work on antiforensics
x rework readme
    x witches idea to append/prepend memorized string to stored pass for dual custody typr thinggg
    x actual instructions for usage
    x add mention of 7z crypto
readme
    flesh out how the modes work
    add nuke and antiforensics details
    prettify it
    add first pass digest/salt info
    add laymen usage for a normie to use it durably
        onedrive/cloud issue
        backup/file history issue
        beached pass issue
        secure pass creation
            kara's tip
        key management
        backing up encrypted data and keys durably
            backups leak issue again
x add password security 
add breached passwords check
X shred all volume crypto headers mode (shred --zero --remove --size=N (bytes))
    X also check for and shred any dangling files
    verify data durability in failure modes
    verify that enough bytes are shredded to reliably nuke it
    multithread nuke
    highest priority task setting?
    full system shred nuke mode?
        would have to do it in a clever order based on sensitivity, speed, and keeping the system running long enough to complete
x add smart optin to include dir or file on cli, or prombt for
x removed make install mode fuckin work
x prevent those errors when a .volume.bin or .volume.bin.bak is found
add network killswitch?
add configurable cron/backup operation kill/pause?
y make the sha512sum digest for 7z go through iterations and maybe use a salt
x    or find better alternative mayhaps
test install instructions
x add nuke options to help mode
make nuke silent
x verify salts are being used and stored and in digest
sanity check shit and error check
add known weaknesses to cryptanalysis readme
    both salts are leaked in the archive
        but their prsence still makes it far more robust against attack
        discuss the sha512 digest thinggg
            seek commentary
        discuss the 7z being used and the security threats involved in that
            seek commentary
        encrypted disk redundancy
            nuke mode for disk crypto?
hidden volume/rubbehose type feature?
duress pass?
some type of dead man's switch to nuke?
tamper evident/tamper nuke?
memory shredding
cronjob canary for leaked/unencrypted data
store unencrypted files in memory only?
refactor into platform independant pure python?
    compiled python exe?
    gui for nomies? (REEEEE)
add more disclaimers about data loss and potentially bad security for fun
add debug mode to shell script and have it pass that to teh python script
    document
fork nuke to background and exit terminal?
    setsid <function> then clear/exit?
manually shred filenames by renaing repeatedly with junk and then nullbytes?
reevaluate workflow
    add option to specify input dir and output file
        smart select enc/dec with these
prepend outer layer salt to make nuking first n bytes easier and more effective
refactor to pure python
hidden volumes
randomness and correlation tests via
    entropy on a loop analysis
    dieharder
        randomness tests
        correlation tests
maybe:
    keyfiles
    yubikey crypto handshake thing
    dead man's switch (requires some kinda platform)
    duress passphrase (nukes)